for the slide - 'Enter your contact details so we can process your tickets'
we need an option to login, incase the user already has an account.

when tickets are selected, is it logged in the database before
reaching the 'ticket details' slide? if so, we need to fix that.
store the data in session storage or a cookie if needed.

on the slide - 'ticket details'
if a ticket owner's details are entered,
we need options to:

-let [ticket owner name] select meal, 
then notify me and i'll pay. 
you will be notified after they confirm.

-let [ticket owner name] pay for own add ons,
i'll pay for ticket only.

-let [ticket owner name] 
pay for own ticket and own add ons

in the ticket owners sent email, 
they should see the option that the sender chose.
they should get a verification code and after entering it.
they should be taken to 'select meals' slide.

a password should be generated if no account is under the ticket owners email.
they should be prompted by a separate email to change their password, with a link that takes them
to account details to do so.

after they're done selecting, they should be taken to 
'ticket Details' to review their selections.

the ticket owner should be directed to enter mailing address
if physical element it attatched.

(if the first option was selected be sender,
the final notification should say:
'[sender's name]' will be notified of your final selections.

The purchaser should get and email that includes payment link.
plus notification on their account when they login.
they can access the details via a link in the hamburger menu.)

Otherwise, the shop cart should be opened for the ticket owner to pay.

hamburger menus should have a link to 'my tickets',
'reciepts'

Leads should have the option to unsubscribe (auth)


//RECENT NOTES
the checkboxes: "This is my ticket" and "Email this ticket to owner"
let the latter be directly under the first,
let them not be separated by the 'Ticket owner name' input,
but grouped.

If  "Email this ticket to the owner" is selected,
then "Ticket owner email' is required. 
a valid email is required - this requirement must be met before
'Ticket owner access' is revealed.

'Select meal for this ticket' button
should only be revealed if:
-'This is my ticket' is selected.
-under 'Ticket owner access' i'll pay for 
[Ticket owner's name] Ticket and add-ons' is selected.
(that option needs to be added at the top and auto selected).

The Options on 'Ticket owner access' may be a little difficult
for the user to read and select because of how wordy and close together they are displayed.
let them be on their own little panels within the ticket panel.
and let the set of them have a different color backround, selected from the Dsl theme colours.

On the 'Ticket Details' slide,
let each ticket panel only show Title, code
and the checkboxes 'This is my ticket/Email this ticket to owner' 
Under that should be the text of the ticket owner's name and email address (if added), not input feilds.
under that text, a 'see details' button.

if 'Email this ticket to owner' is selected then the 
'Ticket owner' input should appear. 

let's remove whatsapp/phone input fields from here 
(that should be given by the person themselves. it's a bit private)

'See details button should reveal the form fields and add-on selections.
change to 'hide details' when details are showing.

the details of one ticket should be visible at a time.

//
there's already an account with this email address,
log in to complete your order. ensure that the change password link
is on the page, incase that's the reason they haven't logged in.
